# COVID-Infection-Times
# The intended purpose of this code is to simulate infection rates for specific rooms -  UU202, LH01 or GW69EX - located on the Binghamton University campus, according to their different capacity limits. Essentially, the time that it takes until 100% of maximum capacity is infected with the initial singular positive case is forecasted for different scenarios of social distancing and whether masks were worn or not. These were separated into situations of 0% social distancing, 50% social distancing, and 75% social distancing. According to resources, social distancing is defined as keeping a safe space between oneself and others. This means by practicing social distancing, individuals must stay at least 6 feet (about 2 arms’ length) from other people. However, it does not include wearing masks thus making masks worn and types of masks other factors to test for. Cloth masks have shown to only provide 67% protection while N95 medical grade masks are shown to have a 90% protection rate (Peeples, 2020). Additionally, we compared two separate age groups of 18-29 year olds and 50-64 year olds as we found in our background research that different age groups can have different infection-fatality rates. Then we continued further testing to forecast the amount of time it would take until 100% of the maximum capacity would be infected with a random number, a, of initial positive cases. Lastly, all data is displayed in a user-friendly graphic representation utilizing pie charts, bar graphs, and graphical user interfaces.
